The rule

This is an enterprise hierarchy, not a flat location database.

Configuration can exist at:

Enterprise

Property

RVC

And the POS cannot just sync “whatever matches property_id” or “whatever matches rvc_id.” It has to build the effective configuration for the device by combining all 3 levels.

That matches what your system is already trying to do in parts:

CAPS pulls a full config payload that includes enterprise, property, revenue centers, workstations, roles, menu items, layouts, tenders, tax groups, discounts, and KDS devices.

But at runtime, privilege resolution is still falling back to defaults because role/assignment scope is not being resolved correctly for the logged-in employee.

That is exactly the kind of bug you get when the system is not resolving scope correctly.

How to explain it in plain business terms

Tell Replit:

We are not syncing a single-site POS. We are syncing an enterprise POS with inheritance and overrides.

Enterprise defines the defaults.
Property can override enterprise.
RVC can override both.

The workstation must run on the final resolved dataset, not just raw rows filtered by one ID.

The correct model

For every configuration object, the system must decide:

Is there an Enterprise default?

Is there a Property override for this property?

Is there an RVC override for this RVC?

Use the most specific applicable value:

RVC override

else Property override

else Enterprise default

That applies to things like:

roles / privileges

tenders

discounts

taxes

workstation options

layout assignments

print routing

menu behavior

check function permissions

What not to do

Do not just run queries like:

WHERE property_id = X

WHERE rvc_id = Y

because that excludes enterprise-level defaults that should flow down.

How Oracle-style systems think about it

You do not need to know Oracle Simphony internals to explain it correctly.

The important part is:

central/master data exists at higher levels

store/runtime data is resolved locally for the specific terminal

local runtime should operate on the effective config, not raw source tables